Form: update Change Properties at Runtime (#6766)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Form/20 Change Properties at Runtime/15 Editor Properties.md

---
##### jQuery

> To change the properties of an editor, get its instance first using the [getEditor(dataField)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxForm/3%20Methods/getEditor(dataField).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#getEditordataField') method. After that, call the **option(optionName, optionValue)** or **option(optionName, options)** method of this instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the properties of an editor, get its instance using the [getEditor(dataField)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxForm/3%20Methods/getEditor(dataField).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#getEditordataField') method. Then, call the **option(optionName, optionValue)** or **option(optionName, options)** method of this instance.
```

[note]The **getEditor(dataField)** method is available for visible form items only.

> If you need to preserve changes during Form re-renderings, change editor properties at the item level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to preserve changes during Form re-rendering, change editor properties at the item level:
```
